[Music]
your finger shape determines your
personality type and health risks
prevention is better than cure with
regards to your health however a visit
to your doctor isn't cheap luckily
there's an ingenious way to discover
potential health risks and it's totally
free all you have to do is talk to the
hand specifically your own hand along
with its ten digits this method is
scientifically proven pinky promise you
can also learn more about yourself by
looking at your fingers before you
inspect those fingers of yours don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to join us on the
bright side of life
number 7 ring finger vs. index finger
dr. kelly Wesselman a Rheumatologist
from georgia says you can learn a lot by
looking at your hands alright let's
start with the basics measure your ring
finger against your index finger based
on a 15-year study conducted by the
University of Warwick and the Institute
of cancer research men with an index
finger longer than the ring finger have
a 33% lower risk of prostate cancer
however a team of Chinese researchers
revealed that men with this trait are at
risk of coronary artery disease women
with a shorter index finger are twice as
likely to have osteoarthritis in their
knees and that's according to research
from the University of Nottingham in
both men and women a shorter index
finger indicates higher verbal and
physical aggression on a more positive
note it reveals a better sense of
direction and superb athletic ability
moreover researchers from the University
of Cambridge found that men with this
feature have inherent moneymaking skills
number six
fingernail take a closer look at your
finger particularly your nail what is
its shape if it looks like an almond
which many consider to be the most
beautiful nail shape your refine gentle
and oozing with creativity
a short nail means you're impatient and
a quick thinker these characteristics
also apply to those with long and wide
nails if you have long and narrow nails
you might be a bit selfish and
narrow-minded however you can also be
sweet tempered and romantic you can be a
bit hot-headed if you have short and
wide nails fan-shaped fingernails
indicate that you get nervous fairly
easily you're lucky if the shape of your
nail is broad and square because it
means you're balanced upright honest
patient and easygoing your nail also
reflects your health the Mayo Clinic
tells of serious finger nail problems
like nail pitting depressions in the
nails is a sign of a multitude of
diseases like psoriasis reactive
arthritis and alopecia areata nail
clubbing rounded and enlarged nails is
associated with liver disease heart
disorders inflammatory bowel disease and
lung problems spoon nails look like
they've been scooped out and you can
actually hold the drop of water in them
this is a sign of iron deficiency
hemochromatosis hypothyroidism and heart
disease Terri's nail is a health issue
where the tip of the nail has a narrow
pink band which is sometimes a sign of
aging it's also a symptom of congestive
heart failure kidney failure liver
disease and diabetes bows line is an
indentation across the nail it indicates
that a person may have scarlet fever
measles mumps pneumonia diabetes or a
zinc deficiency nail separation also
known as Oneko leases is a serious
health problem where the nail slightly
detaches from the nail bed the slightly
loose nail turns opaque with the yellow
white or green shade it is associated
with thyroid disease psoriasis injury or
infection and a negative reaction to a
drug yellow nail syndrome is a sign of
chronic bronchitis and swelling of the
hands
there is another nail issue not included
on the Mayo Clinic's list
it's called half-and-half nail a
condition in which the top half has a
brown shade and the bottom half is white
according to a study conducted by dr.
wente Wong of zio yin armed forces
General Hospital and dr. Chiu Chow
woo-woo of National Defense Medical
Center it's an indicator of chronic
kidney disease if you have a dark
colored line on your nail bed it can be
a sign of a dangerous skin cancer called
melanoma New York dermatologist dr. Jay
bridge alamin reveals number five finger
shapes in the book Chinese medical
palmistry your health in your hand five
types of finger shape are mentioned take
a good look at your fingers do they
resemble a square cone spoon or
drumstick shape or are they thin and
long here are the health risks
associated with these shapes square
shaped fingers have a blunt fingertip
and may indicate the possibility of gall
stones or neurasthenia cone-shaped
fingers have a round and long shape with
a pointed finger tip this type of digit
may lead to illnesses below the neck and
above the diaphragm spoon shaped fingers
look like soup spoons and are an
indication of illnesses like diabetes
and heart or cerebrovascular disease
drumstick shaped fingers may be an
indicator of lung cancer heart disease
and chronic respiratory disease thin and
long fingers indicate that the person
might be prone to emotional depression
or gastrointestinal disease number four
thumb
don't leave your thumb in the dark
because it can shed light on your
personality in health too let's tackle
its appearance first what is the shape
of your thumb is it long short shaped
like an hourglass with a waist or in an
obtuse angle a long thumb indicates that
you can be a natural leader because you
love to be in control
short thumbs reveal that you need to
improve your self-esteem an hourglass
thumb signifies that you're a warm and
understanding person an obtuse angle
thumb implies that you're calm
meditative and creative now try
stretching your thumb
does it remain stiff and inflexible or
can you bend the tip with ease if your
thumb is inflexible then you might be
afraid of change careful with your
finances and difficult to manipulate on
the other hand a flexible thumb means
you're easygoing and adaptable to change
but you're also gullible Chinese medical
palmistry also highlights the important
of this part of the hand in the book the
ideal thumb is full long and strong
which are all signs of good health
however a person with a short thumb may
be prone to headaches hypertension and
heart disease number three palms nope
you're not going to read the lines on
your palm you only have to look at it do
you have blotchy red palms
this condition is called palmar erythema
and it's a symptom of liver disease do
your palms sweat easily hmm perhaps
you're nervous or maybe your crash is
around the corner
kidding aside clammy hands may be a sign
of thyroid disease menopause or
hyperhidrosis since you're looking at
your palms right now take a hard squint
at your fingerprints what pattern do you
see is it a spiral arch or loop based on
a study by the MRC environmental
epidemiology unit at the University of
Southampton a finger print with a spiral
or floral pattern indicates high blood
pressure the more whorls you have the
higher your blood pressure will climb
number two hand grip strength your hand
grip is one of the markers of your
overall heart health how can you measure
it give someone a hand shake a 2018
study conducted by a group of American
and British researchers found that a
stronger shake indicates a lower risk of
cardiovascular problems and less heart
remodeling in addition it's a sign of a
good memory and enhanced cognitive
abilities and that's based on a 2018 UK
biobank study if your grip is weak your
risk of having heart problems cancer or
respiratory disease is 20% higher based
on research conducted by the University
of Glasgow
number one Littlefinger this is also
known as your pinky finger there are
three types of pinky type a the length
of this finger is equal to the upper
most joint of your ring finger type B
its length is a bit longer than the
upper most joint of your ring finger
type C your little fingers length is
slightly shorter than the uppermost
joint of your ring finger now let's
discuss the associated traits of each
type type a if this looks like your
pinky you're a reserved type of person
more open with people you have a
connection with you portray a strong
cool independent image that sometimes
makes you seem a bit arrogant and
eccentric but you also enjoy having a
good laugh every now and then type B you
don't like to initiate conversation you
fall deeply in love and give your full
attention but you're scared of getting
hurt you're a goal-oriented person and
you never crack under pressure type C
you don't hold a grudge you're
uncomfortable with anything new and
unknown you may respect people's
opinions but you can be bossy and always
keep your problems to yourself you want
others to depend on you and you want to
earn their trust in terms of health
types a and B have a healthy spleen and
stomach type C's are associated with
poor digestion diarrhea malabsorption
and irregular bowel movements of course
if you ever have any concerns about your
mental or physical health you should see
a doctor as soon as possible how did
your little hands on assessment go tell
us in the comments don't forget to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click Subscribe stay on the
bright side of life
you